{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 AvenirNext-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab560
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab560\sl336\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs34 \cf0 Description
\b0 \
\
Welcome to Advanced Game Design! In this course, you'll be expanding on the skills you learned in Game Design and using them to create interesting exciting games by yourself and as a team. We'll begin the course in 3D GameLab with some review of what you learned in Game Design, then move on to new, more advanced material that will give you more control and flexibility in your projects. By the time we're done, you'll be able to create your own assets, insert them into Unity and create scripts to automate them. \
\
Once you're familiar with the essentials, you'll move on to doing some experimentation and research in the topic of your choice. As a result, you'll earn a specialization badge, certifying you as an expert in that field who can answer questions for other students and eventually take on that job. \
\
That's right, you are now a game developer: we in Advanced Game Design will be forming a game development team and creating our own game! This project will take up most of the semester, and require us to work together toward a common goal. We'll go through the design and development process from beginning to end, and if all goes as planned, we'll ship a finished product at the end of the course.\
\
Excited yet?! Submit this quest to get started.\
\

\b Submission Details
\b0 \
\
Click the Complete button when you're ready to move on to the next quest.\
\
Nothing to do here, just type 'Complete' in the box below and you're ready to move on!}